the ER waiting room is doncaster's
newest restaurant and it's right here at
doncaster racecourse the old wayne room
offers a modern British menu we serve
really good fresh food at reasonable
prices and much of it is sourced locally
our menu changes weekly and all our
field is cooked to order we also have a
fine selection of great value wines and
champagnes a new chef rick has got years
of experience I think my favorite dishes
on the starters it has to be the brand
that have whitby had herbs and it seems
to be almost becoming our signature dish
our sirloin steak is probably second to
none it's lovely sauce with triple
cooked chips watercress salad and we do
a bone marrow and garlic butter on the
side or you could have it with
peppercorn sauce or a béarnaise sauce
and everything all our steaks are cooked
to your liking if you are a sweet self
I'd say our chocolate brownie the only
people arrive you know they're coming to
the bar of gentle music playing whether
we sorted through to the table and a way
to a waitress will set their order there
so it's all very informal very relaxed
just a nice casual dining experience
you can enjoy drinks with friends out on
our terrace overlooking the racecourse
and champagne lon and our bars open till
late mouse the main winners from
doncaster from the 1920s right through
to the early noughties you know all
these jockeys have been in this room
you've had Lester Piggott you've had
Frankie Dettori to name two they've all
been in here they building is absolutely
steeped in history you know our Wayne
scales are here we're open for dinner on
thursday friday and saturday evenings
and also open for sunday lunch the old
weighing room is located right next to
the grandstand with easy access from
ledge away and car parking is free of
charge I found it to be a very very
relaxed and everybody said how enjoyable
the ambience has been when it's been
busy went to be quiet it's just a nice
relaxing venue which is exactly what we
aimed for I've worked in hospitality for
years as a Doncaster person I'm really
proud to be the restaurant manager
you